Hello.
My name's Alan on the creator of this course,
Excel from zero to hero of level one for complete beginners.
Now,
you may be wondering what qualifies me to teach Excel.
I've been using Excel since way back in 1993 when version fibers release on dive,
using practically every day since not only have I used it,
I've also taught others have to use it on.
Many of my students have gone on to gain promotion,
earned more money using the skills that they have land,
and some have gone to create their own businesses.
So what you gonna learn in this first course?
Well,
like all good things,
the Masters master the basics first,
and that's exactly what this course aims to do.
Recover all the basics of excel.
Now,
I'm not gonna assume that you understand anything about it at all at the moment,
So don't worry.
You will learn everything in detail.
Andi,
there's a difference between copying what someone else is doing and actually understanding
what it is that you're doing on understanding leads to master race of.
That's the aim of this course to give you complete mastery of all the basics and trust may
.
Many people have been using Excel for years.
In my experience,
don't have the basics mastered.
So what are you going to get?
You'll get over three hours of lectures,
almost 50 lectures.
I think there are.
There are many quizzes throughout the course to help cement your learning,
and you also get access to me.
So if you have any questions throughout the course,
feel free to just contact me directly.
Or better yet,
just posted in the forum at the side of the screen,
and everyone will be able to see your question on my response to it.
That's it.
I hope you enjoy the course.
I know I've certainly enjoyed making it,
and I hope you get a lot out of it.
Thanks a lot.